Add Engineering Team Management (#1887)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Clean Tech](https://github.com/nglgzz/awesome-clean-tech#readme) - Fighting climate change with technology.
- [Wardley Maps](https://github.com/wardley-maps-community/awesome-wardley-maps#readme) - Provides high situational awareness to help improve strategic planning and decision making.
- [Social Enterprise](https://github.com/RayBB/awesome-social-enterprise#readme) - Building an organization primarily focused on social impact that is at least partially self-funded.

> - [Engineering Team Management](https://github.com/kdeldycke/awesome-management) - How to transition from software development to engineering management, and keep up with the day-to-day, including the dark side of the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Engineering Team Management](https://github.com/kdeldycke/awesome-management#readme) - How to transition from software development to engineering management.
```
